Scenario 1:
I have 4 developers working in single application, all the 4 developers will be accesing the same repository at a time. They will be working on the repository paralelly and will be
pushing the changes to the repository on daily basis.

Solution: Branches
go for individual branch where they can work on their own branch and develop the code and at the end when needed merge the changes with the master branch

Scenario 2:
Let say I have 2 customer, here Both the customers are accessing the same application but both need 2 different option in application.

Scenario 3:
I want to see the changes or want to know what commits are there till some particular point.

Scenario 4:
I want to undo my changes easily
    1. let say you want to undo your changes which are there in untracked list
            git clen
    2. I want to remove the changes which are already commited in my local repository
            git restore --source <commit-id> <file_name>
    3. I want to remove a specific file from my local repository
            git rm <file_name>
    4. I want to remove a specific file from staging area to working tree
            git restore --staged <file_name>

Scenario 5:
I want to perform the following changes
    1. I want to get back the changes to staging area
            git reset --soft
    2. I want to get back the changes directly to Working Area
            git reset --mixed
    3. I want to completely remove the changes which was made recently
            git reset --hard 

Scenario 6: 
I have done a commit and later I realized that the commit message was wrongly given.
Now I want to modify the commit message with out modifying the content.
            git commit --amend

Scenario 7:
I have created a 2 branches in my repository.
My first branch was created from master. 
I want to get back the changes which are made on the feature branch to my master branch
        "merging"
Scenario 8:

we have created a branch from 3rd commit, and we made an 2 more extra commits in the base branch.
Now I want to showcase that I have created a feature branch from the latest commit i,e. from 5th commit not from the 3rd commit.
        "rebasing"


Scenario 9:
I have 3 commits in base branch and I have created a new feature branch from 3rd commit.
In the feature branch I have created 2 commits.
Mean while I have created 2more commits in the base branch.
Now my requirement is to bring a specific Commit from the feature branch to the base branch.
        "cherry-picking"






we will be taking variables:

first name
last name
mobile
email id
passowrd
confirm password

fn
inital
phone
contant
emil
pass
password


